lloyd has been training lady for six
years and he was convinced that she
would want to follow the practice ler
even in a skydive from 10,000 feet but
it took six months intensive training to
make her comfortable with this ultimate
test we'll be carrying this speedometer
to get our maximum speed as we fall and
this is the ler that lady's been trained
to pursue an attack and we're taking it
with us
right let's turn and see you get to
mount around left you got it when we're
going down this crossroads near the four
buildings slugging maybe feet germs
I couldn't just start skydiving from
scratch so I strapped to Andy our
skydiving expert
the plan was would jump together in
tandem just in case I forgot what to
pull and when to pull it you can't burn
again dome or not you want me to I will
or you can go now
a pair of skydivers can exceed 150 miles
an hour in freefall so lady was gonna
have to fly faster than that to catch
his up ready I'm ready
Haidee okay ready 5 seconds or taking
the hood off like hoodies off thank you
that huge that's enough right Lloyd
won't let us jump until he's absolutely
sure lady is ready to fly why lady is in
charge we just had to wait
white white family white white white
white white white why it's waggle allure
white
white camera raid a day
leti hell
in moments we were clocking 158 miles
per hour scary
and lady within seconds she caught up
she was just playing around us
effortlessly in complete control
okay it's not a definitive scientific
experiment but we calculate that catches
up so quickly
she must have accelerated beyond a
hundred and eighty miles an hour
phenomenal
hey now I like that I like that a lot
magic did you see me magic
so just as we front lift on exit right
there a fatherless brilliant I know that
she didn't front lip on Exeter yeah so
she might gonna fly well but she's no
style she has no style but she has a she
shed loads of speed she's well over
three times faster than a cheetah
there's nothing else that comes even
close
amongst animals that use speed to kill
the peregrine falcon has got to be my
ultimate killer
excellent
you